Move Logging from Extensions to Internal (#4038)
dotnet/SqlClient: src/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.Internal/Logging/src/PackageReadme.md

# Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.Internal.Logging

[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.Internal.Logging.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.Internal.Logging)
[![NuGet Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.Internal.Logging?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.Internal.Logging)

> **⚠️ Internal Package — Do Not Reference Directly**
>

> > This package is intended for **internal use by other Microsoft.Data.SqlClient packages only**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This package is intended for **internal use by Microsoft.Data.SqlClient and its extension packages only**.
```
